WORKSHEET-1
SQL


1. A,C,D
2. A,B,C
3. B
4. B
5. A
6. C
7. B
8. B
9. B
10. C
11. A Data Warehousing is process for collecting and managing data from varied sources. It is storage of a large amount of 	information by a business.It is a process of transforming data into information and making it available to users in 	historical decision support information.The functions of data warehouse are:
	Data Extraction − Involves gathering data from multiple sources.
	Data Cleaning − Involves finding and correcting the errors in data.
	Data Transformation − Involves converting the data from legacy format to warehouse format.
	Data Loading − Involves sorting, summarizing, consolidating, checking integrity, and building indices and 	partitions.
	Refreshing − Involves updating from data sources to warehouse.
12. OLTP:OLTP also known as Online transaction processing. An OLTP system captures and maintains transaction data in a 	database. Each transaction involves individual database records made up of multiple fields or columns. Examples 		include banking and credit card activity. OLTP databases are read, written, and updated frequently. If a 	transaction fails, built-in system logic ensures data integrity
    OLAP:OLAP also known as Online Analytical Processing. OLAP applies complex queries to large amounts of historical data, 	aggregated from OLTP databases and other sources, for data mining and business intelligence projects. Each query 	involves one or more columns of data aggregated from many rows. Examples include year-over-year financial 	performance or marketing.  Query failure in OLAP does not interrupt or delay transaction processing for customers, 	but it can delay or impact the accuracy of business intelligence insights.
13. The various characteristics of datawarehouse are:
    	i) Subject oriented: A data warehouse is always a subject oriented as it delivers information about a theme instead 	of organization’s current operations. Example:sales
	ii) Integrated: The way data is extracted and transformed is uniform, regardless of the original source.
	iii) Time variant: Historical data is kept in a data warehouse. Data is organized via time-periods eg,. weekly, 	monthly, annually, etc..
	iv) Non volatile: A data warehouse is not updated in real-time. It is periodically updated via the uploading of 		data, protecting it from the influence of momentary change. Data resided in data warehouse is permanent. It means 	that data is not erased or deleted when new data is inserted.
14. Star schema is the simplest among the data mart in which data is organized into facts and dimensions. It is used to 	develop or build a data warehouse and dimensional data marts. It is also efficient for handling basic queries.The 	star schema supports rapid aggregations such as count, sum, and average of many fact records, and these 	aggregations can be easily filtered and grouped by the dimensions.Every dimension in a star schema is represented 	with the only one-dimension table.The dimension table should contain the set of attributes.
15. SELT is Short for Set Theory as a Language. It is a high-level programming language that's based on the mathematical 	theory of sets. SETL is an interpreted language with a syntax that is resembles C . In SETL every statement is 	terminated by a semicolon. Variable names are case-insensitive and are automatically determined by their last 	assignment.






